---
description: 'Current partners include: Uniswap; Convex; Harmony; NEAR; Olympus; Messari'
---

# Partners

Partner with MetricsDAO! [Simply fill out this form ](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdh5JDUp-7MSl-N-Mk\_4hNWmGdNRkpcdhzuLMbSP0ef9f094Q/viewform)and we'll contact you with next steps.&#x20;

\
**Gain Insights**\
Get access to top-tier analysts who will create data insights and tools for your project. Questions can be generated by the MetricsDAO community or supplied by you. We provide the insights that help you track, understand and operate your project better than ever.\
\
**Engage Your Community**\
Dashboards get shared and draw interest from users and analysts. Bounty contributors engage with your project.\
\
**Expand Your Network**\
\
Grants from partnering projects allow further distribution of their native token in exchange for analytics content delivery. New users who earn your native token by creating analytics are more likely to HODL than if they received it via an airdrop, now that they've spent time digging into your data and seen your project's value and potential.

#### Who should apply? <a href="#text13" id="text13"></a>

Good partners have these characteristics:\
• Data is highly available, ideally from multiple providers\
• The MetricsDAO community is excited about the protocol/ecosystem.\
• Added bonuses for synergy with existing partners\
\
MetricsDAO is a community of curious, bright and fun people, who are always looking for the next challenge. If you are unsure whether to apply, join our Discord and talk to @raphbaph or @danner.eth. We’re happy to show you around!
